text@title@author   once upon a time there were three little kittens and their names were mittens tom kitten and moppet  they had dear little fur coats of their own; and they tumbled about the doorstep and played in the dust  but one day their mother--mrs tabitha twitchit--expected friends to tea; so she fetched the kittens indoors to wash and dress them before the fine company arrived      first she scrubbed their faces this one is moppet  then she brushed their fur this one is mittens      then she combed their tails and whiskers this is tom kitten  tom was very naughty and he scratched  mrs tabitha dressed moppet and mittens in clean pinafores and tuckers; and then she took all sorts of elegant uncomfortable clothes out of a chest of drawers in order to dress up her son thomas      tom kitten was very fat and he had grown; several buttons burst off his mother sewed them on again  when the three kittens were ready mrs tabitha unwisely turned them out into the garden to be out of the way while she made hot buttered toast  now keep your frocks clean children! you must walk on your hind legs keep away from the dirty ash-pit and from sally henny penny and from the pig-stye and the puddle-ducks      moppet and mittens walked down the garden path unsteadily presently they trod upon their pinafores and fell on their noses  when they stood up there were several green smears!  let us climb up the rockery and sit on the garden wall said moppet  they turned their pinafores back to front and went up with a skip and a jump; moppet's white tucker fell down into the road      tom kitten was quite unable to jump when walking upon his hind legs in trousers he came up the rockery by degrees breaking the ferns and shedding buttons right and left  he was all in pieces when he reached the top of the wall  moppet and mittens tried to pull him together; his hat fell off and the rest of his buttons burst      while they were in difficulties there was a pit pat paddle pat! and the three puddle-ducks came along the hard high road marching one behind the other and doing the goose step--pit pat paddle pat! pit pat waddle pat!  they stopped and stood in a row and stared up at the kittens they had very small eyes and looked surprised      then the two duck-birds rebeccah and jemima puddle-duck picked up the hat and tucker and put them on  mittens laughed so that she fell off the wall moppet and tom descended after her; the pinafores and all the rest of tom's clothes came off on the way down  come! mr drake puddle-duck said moppet--come and help us to dress him! come and button up tom!      mr drake puddle-duck advanced in a slow sideways manner and picked up the various articles  but he put them on himself! they fitted him even worse than tom kitten  it's a very fine morning! said mr drake puddle-duck      and he and jemima and rebeccah puddle-duck set off up the road keeping step--pit pat paddle pat! pit pat waddle pat!  then tabitha twitchit came down the garden and found her kittens on the wall with no clothes on      she pulled them off the wall smacked them and took them back to the house  my friends will arrive in a minute and you are not fit to be seen; i am affronted said mrs tabitha twitchit  she sent them upstairs; and i am sorry to say she told her friends that they were in bed with the measles; which was not true      quite the contrary; they were not in bed: not in the least  somehow there were very extraordinary noises over-head which disturbed the dignity and repose of the tea party  and i think that some day i shall have to make another larger book to tell you more about tom kitten!    as for the puddle-ducks--they went into a pond  the clothes all came off directly because there were no buttons      and mr drake puddle-duck and jemima and rebeccah have been looking for them ever since@the tale of tom kitten@beatrix potter